Fixes  #32 (#45)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/10-Timer.md

someTimerVar.start();
```

> Here is an [additional reference about `Timer`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/swing/Timer.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is [Oracle's official documentation on the `Timer` class](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/swing/Timer.html).
```
